31 so big
I didn't have your fun
get the head of him
you see that God right now
oh no what I have to readjust my
position back it's all an ass oh he's
famous guilty and he's moving july
twenty fifths 2012 san jose california
my god
holy
yeah you're putting off your feet of
stuff it's all falling out of scale so
follow this guy see it oh my god do this
all falling out of this guy Oh time to
go in the house yeah that's nasty holy
crap I'm taking out this lens that
screwed perfume excuse me folks sorry
for bad for me yeah now you see leave
that nasty crap oh I'm being sprayed
there's nowhere to hide it's nowhere to
run that's just disgusting mess over
there
thank God we blow the hell out of here i
know i went in to grab the camera news
already and when I saw him he was way on
the other side of the belly now he's not
his wingspan that was more the most i've
ever seen on a plane though so it's the
most wingspan of spray easy yeah I know
he was bringing full no I was his full
spread full wingspan spray it wasn't
just coming out I never seen this kind
before nasty alright I'm going in the
house